Minor update for developer-workflow.md (#746)
mattermost/mattermost-developer-documentation: site/content/extend/plugins/developer-workflow.md

- `make disable` - Disables the plugin on the Mattermost server
- `make reset` - Disables and re-enables the plugin on the Mattermost server
- `make debug-plugin` - Starts a `delve` process and attaches it to your running plugin

> - `make clean` - Force deletes the content of build related files. Use when running into build issues,

Reviewer: Typo
```suggestion
- `make clean` - Force deletes the content of build related files. Use when running into build issues.
```

Author: Agree. The folder names could change. It is okay to keep it generic.

Reviewer 2: `build related` should also be `build-related`

Reviewer 2: Heads up that there's an unresolved request above to change the comma to a period.

> - `make clean` - Force deletes recursively the contents of `dist`, `server/coverage.txt`, `server/dist`, `webapp/junit.xml`, `webapp/dist`, `webapp/node_modules` and `build/bin/` folders

Reviewer: I'm a bit hesitant to name out the directories here as that information can become outdated quite easily. Maybe something like 
```suggestion
- `make clean` - Force deletes the content of build related files. Use when running into build issues,
```
